all the ties have to be the same thread
for the car to perform double-clutch
system so when you change one flush you
have to cheat your own okay question Oh
even we've been planning this for a
while man I guess I am getting it
without going to 90 degree angle no oh
no I know ya can't get it like that you
gotta get it like this but it's built in
yeah
right there no I'll tell you though you
know like right there yeah he told me to
punch it I meeting laughs I don't want
to bring it on line one in the pink
now sure that match it because we it's
like an automatic tranny lays a little
bit
hey
that's what so right now it's filming a
movie at suspension is it I of course
it's thinking open